ladies and gentlemen it appears we have
reached the end or what I assume to be
the end last episode we took care of all
three bosses even though the second one
took me a heck of a long time to take
care of now we are in Game Central
Station to piece off oh my gosh oh my
gosh so many lasers so many lasers oh my
gosh that's actually fix it man
fix it fix it fix it you got this you
got this
okay no Felix go go Felix go cuz I think
you're the only one I can punch his
thing
there we go I punched this tail and you
got damaged did it work
oh my gosh okay oh I see I see basically
what I do is I have to fix it there we
go come on there it is there it is ah
perfect
yes yes perfect oh yes you're gonna your
want sure I'm going to show you exactly
why they call us team wrecking fix fix
it wreck it not ready how's the old
there it is oh okay oh I have to I have
one more I think I want to do but I
don't know how to get up
so then assume yeah I have to use my
double jumping abilities double jumping
abilities down there
reckon try I am shocked oh there you
think
all right ready Felix swear you're Mario
Mario copy capabilities now falling too
far ok Wow making great progress making
great strides Jimmy Jimmy that's right
my friend jiminy - man ok all right
unless there's more to this than just
yes I bet I can wreck that oh that was
the last laser maybe I can maybe I'll
just punch him now oh my God all I do is
punch him oh I think it's the correct
slow-motion thing he's not done yet
Felix and wreck wreck-it Ralph
here's a little advice well don't inhale
bug a bug - Josh then he wins trust me
it's repulsive did we win no I don't
think we're dead yeah I don't think
we're done yet I saw thee I saw this -
oh he declared it victory over cyber day
nice
I thought DC day was catchy ER but it
and with that he was back to work I
don't think so destroying side bugs is
just a sideline for us our real job is
making you gamers happy one quarter at a
time is that really the end of story
I'm pretty sure I saw the side bug it's
not his health was diminished unless it
died by falling you unlock the game mode
glass we play any levels and find
collectables might have missed except
now there are no checkpoints harder
enemies and time levels are you up for
the challenge maybe on my own time but
that's pretty much it that's the finale
thanks for watching guys thanks for
joining me on this adventure I was very
short I'm very short episode I'm pretty
sure that's I booked the part the side
but probably died from the fall damage
which doesn't happen to me so as as
Ralph Felix they don't have all damage
bugs sigh bugs obviously do have ball
damage so thanks guys thanks for
watching and there's an annotation on
the top right because it's the finale
thank you for joining me on this journey
and I will see you guys on another game
thank you I'll go to rocket
there we go keep on to go you've got to
keep going a big time right now yeah
nobody's come nobody's completely paying
attention to the fact that there's a guy
in there freaking Auditorium climbing up
the frickin laws